detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama film called lolita
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
humbert humber drives along the u.s
countryside a bobby pin in his
bloodstained hand and equally
bloodstained gun in his backseat
he thinks about a young girl and though
she's known by many names from lota
dolores she will always be lolita in his
arms
as his tearful and unblinking eyes stare
ahead he thinks of her as the light of
his life
fire of his loins his sin and his soul
humbert attributes lolita's existence to
a certain annabelle
she died shortly after he fell in love
with her when they were teenagers
though the child he loved was gone he
kept looking for her even as he grew
into adulthood
humber accepted a teaching post at an
american college and since he had a free
summer before the fall semester he
decided to finish a textbook he was
writing
he makes his way to his accommodation
and there a widow named charlotte hayes
greets him
after showing him her messy home
charlotte leads him to the garden while
she's proudly showing him her lilies
humbert becomes wholly transfixed by the
sight of her daughter lo
lo is lying on the grass on her stomach
flipping through a book while their
sprinkle drizzles her
when low notices him she flashes him a
smile showing off her retainers and
highlighting her young age of 14.
being the sick man that he is humbert is
immediately enchanted and he asks
charlotte how much his room is
days pass and humbert wistfully and
secretly watches childish and dance and
music obsessed low who seems completely
disinterested in him
from his room he can see the bathroom
and from there he can see low's bedroom
he watches her mother bicker with her
and he watches her idol around
humbert prays for an accident a calamity
that would eliminate charlotte and
everyone around them so he can have
lolita in his arms
while humbert's working on his textbook
one day low heads inside his room to
bother him
she stands behind his desk then sits on
his lap without warning just to stick
the gum she's been chewing on to his
notebook
low gives him a defiant look at first
then asks him if she's getting a zit
this warms humber and he tells her that
she looks perfect to him humbert happily
smiles when low shows him her wobbling
chin but the girl promptly stands up and
rushes out of his room when she hears
charlotte call for humber
before charlotte could see him he hurdly
takes low's gum from his notebook to
chew it himself
removing any evidence of her being there
after some time charlotte makes low
packer things for camp then boarding
school right afterward
low refuses to cooperate and when
charlotte snaps that everyone humbert
included
thinks it's a good idea low grabs her
doll and storms out of her room
she makes sure to strike humber's arm
when she passes him calling him a double
crosser
when it's time for low to leave she
bickers endlessly with her mother as
they head to the car
but she makes sure to give their maid
louise a loving hug just as low gets in
the car
she spots humbert watching her from the
window much to her mother's annoyance lo
runs back to their home
then up the stairs so she can jump for
humber low wraps her legs and arms
around him then kisses him softly
she pulls away shortly and without
another word she runs back to the car
and they drive off
as for humber he rushes straight to
lowe's room then dives into her closet
but when he hears louise calling out to
him he immediately straightens up to
meet her
she gives him a letter and when he reads
it he discovers that it's from charlotte
professing her love to him
she says that she wants him out when she
gets home because if he stays it would
only mean that he wants to be her
husband and lowe's father
of course it's that very last part that
reels humbered in and on the various
collages stuck to lowe's wall there's a
magazine clipping of a father embracing
his daughter with the letters hh
enclosed in a heart
this hints that low longs for a father
too the two get married two weeks after
with low absent from the ceremony
though charlotte is very affectionate
with humber he remains dismissive of her
six weeks into their marriage humbert
successfully avoids most of his
husbandly duties by feeding charlotte
sleeping pills
one day humbert comes home to find
charlotte crying it turns out that she
had read his diary where he called her a
fat cow
old and stupid and obnoxious among many
things furious and distraught
charlotte calls him a despicable
criminal monster she promises to leave
and when she does
she swears that humbert will never see
the miserable brat of a daughter again
humbert is left bewildered unsure at all
of what to do he tries to tell her that
the writing is from a novel he's working
on but when she doesn't buy it he goes
to fix them up a drink
when he returns he answers their ringing
phone the caller tells him that his wife
had been killed outside their home
charlotte had been hit by a car
a child hands humbert the letters
explaining that she was going to mail
them when she got hit
dazed humbert accepts the letters and
heads back to their house where he can
stop pretending that he cares for his
wife's death
after some time humbert packs up lowe's
clothes then drives to camp to pick her
up
when she sees him she smiles brightly as
she greets humber calling him dad
while in their car lo asks him how her
mother is and with some uncertainty
humbert says that the doctors aren't
sure and that it's something abdominal
lo then proceeds to go to the back of
the car to get changed while the
perverse humbert watches through the
rear-view mirror
once low's back in the shotgun seat
humbert pulls her clothes to kiss the
top of her head
telling her that he missed her low
sneers as she retorts that she didn't
miss him before snuggling closer again
to taunt him about how she was
revoltingly unfaithful to him
she continues about how it doesn't
matter since he doesn't care about her
anyway
when humbert asks what gave her the idea
she answers that he hasn't kissed her
yet
in response humbert pulls over he lets
lo get on his lap and the two of them
share a heated kiss
only stopping when a cop car pulls over
beside them the officer asks if they saw
a blue sedan but when lo crawls over
humbert's lap to give her playful
answers the cop thanks them awkwardly
then drives away
the two later arrive at a hotel while
humber speaks with the receptionist lo
gets on the ground and starts crawling
to a dog to play with it mischievously
the dog's owner is a wealthy and much
older man clad in a pristine suit
the moment she laid her eyes on him lo
becomes wholly intrigued by the stranger
the enigmatic man says that the dog
likes her but he doesn't like everybody
when lo asks who the dog likes he says
that he can smell when people are sweet
and that he likes nice
sweet young people just like her low
gives him a sly smile in response
humbert leads low to their hotel room
and once inside she asks him
incredulously if they'll be sharing the
same room in the same bed
humbert tries to reason that he can take
the cot as she'd like and as low slumps
down on the chair
she calls him crazy with a dismissive
and uncaring tone
she talks about her mother divorcing him
and strangling her as she finds out
humbert sits on the bed attempting to
explain to her that as her father
he's responsible for her welfare and
since they're not rich they're bound to
share the same room when they travel
understanding where this is going low
gets up and prances around while humbert
struggles to tell her what happens to
two people when they share a room
low casualty finishes for him saying
that the word is incest
after checking into their room the two
later have dinner low gestures to one of
the men in the booths
claiming that he's watching them it's
the dog owner from the lounge and she
identifies him as the playwright quilty
later that night the two are back in
their hotel room and humbert's removing
low shoes and socks
with heavy eyes and a quiet voice she
wants to tell him about how naughty and
disgusting she was at camp but humbert
insists that she tells him tomorrow
instead
he will go downstairs for a while and
when he comes back he wants to find her
asleep
before he leaves low bids him a good
night dad when hubbard arrives at the
hotel's porch
he hears quilty as he rocks in his chair
speak
where in the devil did you get her he
asks but when humbert asks what he said
he tells him that the weather is getting
better
he then asks who the girl is and when
humber tells him that she's his daughter
quilty tells him that he lies
she's not but when he repeats himself he
says that july was hot
after discovering that low's mother is
dead he invites them to have lunch with
him
humbert politely declines and before he
leaves quilty tells him quite knowingly
that his child needs a lot of sleep
humbert returns to their room and he
lies on the tiny portion of the bed that
low's not sprawled onto
come next morning low wakes up and blows
on his face she kisses him softly and
sloppily before whispering something in
his ear prompting humber to reiterate if
she really played that with charlie
someone she met at camp
lo asks if he never tried it when he was
a kid and when he says he hasn't lo
supposes that she'll have to show him
everything
she removes her retainers and undoes
humber's pajama pants bringing him to
pure bliss
they leave the hotel by car and after
some failed attempts at conversation
a pensive humber laments about how
uncomfortable he's grown as if he's
sitting next to the ghost of someone he
just killed
lo asks if they can stop at a gas
station then anguishes about hurting
inside
she asks him what he expected since she
was a daisy fresh girl
then lo muses about calling the police
to tell them he forced himself on her
before breaking into a grin the two
playfully swatted each other and when
they arrive at the gas station
low rushes to the store when low comes
back she asks humbert for coins so she
can call her mother
humbert's pensive expression turns
somber and he instructs her to sit in
the car again
after she closes the door humbert
finally tells her that her mother is
dead
that night the two lay in separate beds
low cries in wales
grieving and despairing over her lost
mother eventually
the still-sobbing girl makes her way to
humbert's bed and he takes her into his
arms
trying to comfort her humbert claims
that they made up very gently that night
and that she had nowhere else to go
from then on they started traveling
extensively all over the country
one hot morning in an inn low and
humbert make love on a chair while
lowe's reading comics
but after some time lo takes on a sullen
face when she's finally alone
she glares it then ignores humber as he
checks on her until she leaves her bee
later asara filled low weeps time passes
and humbert visits beardsley prep school
so he may enroll his pretend daughter
there
he speaks with the administration and
they emphasize that unlike beardsley
college where humbert will teach in
beardsley prep prioritizes dramatics
dancing and dating
by dating they mean boys humbert is of
course
perturbed after some days lo tells
humbert that she wants to participate in
a play but humbert refuses
with an even voice lo protests that he's
depriving her of her civil rights but
humbert dismisses it
asking her where she heard that language
after calmly asserting that she's
intelligent
she makes her way to humber to sit on
the floor before him she uses her foot
to rock the man on his chair telling him
that she has the right to be in a play
if she wanted to which humbert retorts
with not if he says she doesn't
with that lo starts toying with humber's
lap and knowing fully well that he likes
that she bargains both her allowance and
her involvement in the play
in return humber gets more while low is
rehearsing for her role as a witch in
the school play
one of the schoolgirls mona speaks with
humber she directs his attention to a
watching man smoking by the exit
saying that it's clear quilty the actual
playwright according to humbert
loh has grown colder to his advances
leading him to purchase her favors
instead in the middle of their intimate
engagement low attacks him while he
tries to take his money back from her
saying he shouldn't pay extra in the
middle he doesn't know where she hides
the money but he's certain she's saving
up to escape from him
humbert starts growing uneasy and
paranoid he's afraid that low told the
principal about their relationship so
when she mentions she has a complete
disinterest in intimate matters he feels
completely anxious
at home humbert confronts low about
missing piano practice and possibly
telling her friend about their
relationship
their back and forth grows heated when
humber slaps her feet off the table
low's calm and petulant facade melts
away especially when he tried to grab
her wrist she calls him a pervert
yelling at him to leave her alone
low admits to trying to run from him and
that anyone would run away from him
but when she shrieks that she earned her
money humbert slaps her taking the both
of them aback
humbert is speechless at first and lo
starts ordering him to murder her
she grows more and more frantic telling
him to murder her like he murdered her
mother over and over again
lo starts breaking down sobbing that
she's asking him to murder her
humber could only tell her to shut up
and lo starts frantically hitting him
yelling that she hates him
when hubbard attempts to pacify her by
holding her low only grows hysterical
she breaks free for him and makes a run
for it sobbing and shrieking murderer as
she runs down the stairs
upon reaching the ground she takes a
bike and rides it out into the rainy
city with humber trying to follow her
at night humbert finally finds low in a
shop they journey back home
and lo who had been plotting her escape
just hours before tells him that she
wants to leave beardsley now and take
another trip instead
only this time she will choose where to
go the following day the
pseudo-father-daughter pair departs from
beardsley and embarks to wherever low
once
she marks a map with her lipstick so
humbert knows where to go but as they're
driving along
humbert notices that someone's following
them he gives low the car's license
plate to write down and tells her that a
detective's following him
and he looks rather like his uncle
gustav low dismissively continues to eat
her banana in response
their pursuer was smart humbert notes
inwardly he kept changing cars and there
were days when he'd disappear
leaving him to wonder if he imagined
things one day humbert stops at a gas
station
and inside the shop he's trying on some
sunglasses when he looks out the window
he sees lo talking to a black clad man
wearing a hat and by the time humbert
had rushed out
the man is gone apprehensive humbert
gets in the car and asks lo about him
and she explains that he asked if they
had a map as they set off
humbert tells her that the man was the
cop who had been tailing them but lowe
remains unfazed and uncaring since
humbert's the only one who's guilty
there
the two eventually stay in and in again
and humber leaves low to get her bananas
while he gets a haircut
in the barbershop he hears from the
radio that claire quilty will be in
waste
texas that night anxious humbert returns
to the inn and finds low sitting down
her feet dirty and her lipstick smeared
spiraling to paranoia humbert looks out
the window and sees the same car
following them outside and when he looks
back at lowe who's been watching him she
flashes him a mocking smile
suddenly humbert pushes low to the bed
gets on top of her and starts demanding
to know who it is
he roughly opens low shirt and has his
way with her while begging to know who
the man is
lo only laughs and laughs at him and
humbert only grows more desperate he
keeps begging and groveling in between
their sloppy kisses
low keeps laughing leaving him on the
verge of tears a heavy storm wakes
hummered up
he is still naked disoriented and
everything is stretching and slanting
out of proportion
humbert's scared delusional almost and
it isn't until he washes his face that
he grasps a semblance of normalcy again
from his luggage he takes his gun out
and with it in his hand he stares at
nothing in particular
they leave and on a rainy night they
stop by another end
as the woman shows humber to their room
they notice low sitting on the ground
pale and shivering in the hospital the
doctor tells humber that it's just a
virus and assures him that it's nothing
serious
humbert wants to stay there with her but
the doctor currently insists that it's
better if he goes since it won't help if
he catches it
the next morning humbert calls the
hospital to ask how low is doing and the
nurse tells him that she woke up without
a fever and they let her go with her
uncle gustav
for months on end humbert searches far
and wide for his nymphat as he would
call her
he goes from into inn hotel to hotel
he's learned to recognize the
kidnapper's handwriting
but eventually the trail goes dead and
cold and back to cold and dead beardsley
he goes
three years later humbert receives a
letter it opens with dear dad how's
everything
i'm married i'm going to have a baby a
tear falls down humbert's face as he
reads the letter and there low asks him
for money
she and her husband don't have enough to
pay their debts and leave for alaska
where her husband got promised a job
the letter ends with low saying she's
gone through so much sadness and
hardship and she signs it off with dolly
mrs richard f schiller humbert drives to
the address
and he finds a dusty worn down home he
goes to the door and finally
he's reunited with low once more she's
no longer dolled up like she used to be
her hair in a simple ponytail and her
belly large with another man's child
low smiles brightly greets him as dad
and lets him in
humbert walks around their messy home
and sees her husband through the back
door
working on some electric wires he looks
closer to her age and humbert knows that
he's not the man he's looking for
he asks her for her kidnapper and when
lo gets a cigarette instead of telling
him
he starts walking out the door finally
she tells him that it was clear quilty
with a dreamy smile low remarks about
how he was the only man she was ever
really crazy about
and when hubbard asks what about me low
seems to grow upset
at humbert's insistence she tells him
about how everyone knew quilty liked
little girls and then he filmed them in
his mansion
but since she refused to service groups
of men because she wanted quilty
instead he threw her out as humbert
looks at her he knew as clearly as he
knew he will die that he loves her more
than anything he'd ever seen or imagined
on earth
he follows her to the living room and
with low sitting on the floor humbert
finally calls her lolita
he asks her to make the 25 steps with
him to the old car she knows so well
lo asks if he's saying that he'll give
them money if she goes to a motel with
him but humber quickly tells her that he
wants her to leave the place and live
die and everything with him lo could
only call him crazy but humbert insists
that she can still have the money even
if she refuses
he smilingly gives her the envelope and
she finds four thousand dollar bills
there
but humbert starts to cry while watching
her go through the money with a smile
low tries to reach for him and thank him
but he backs away saying he'll die if
she touches him
for his last rasp at hope humber asks if
there's a chance she'll come with him
but she tells him matter of factly she'd
almost rather go back with claire
humbert begins to take his leave and
when he asks her if she can ever forget
what he did to her lo only tells her dog
to say goodbye to her dad
humbert dejectively returns to his car
and from there he sees low waving him
goodbye
for a moment he pictures lois as lolita
from three years ago dulled up and
waving playfully
humbert finds himself in quilty's lavish
manner afterward despite humbert's
presence
cruelty remains unbothered even as he
brought out a gun humbert introduces
himself as low's father and quilty
continues to speak casually with humbert
as if unaware of the gravity of the
situation it isn't until humbert shoots
awfully close to him that he starts
treating this a touch more seriously
quilty manages to run away and he bolts
to a room with a piano to play it
humbert shoots his back but he's run out
of bullets by then so he quickly reloads
while the bloody quilty staggers to the
hallway
humbert shoots him repeatedly and the
man falls to the ground
however he isn't dead yet and he still
finds it in him to crawl to his room and
onto his bed
there humbert finally delivers his final
shot a hopelessly devastated humbert
humbert drives along the u.s countryside
a bobby pin in his bloodstained hand and
an equally bloodstained gun in his
backseat
with the police on his tail and another
group of officers blocking his way
humbert swerves to a field as a
surrender humbert leaves his car and
before the police could take him
he overlooks a village where he could
hear the melody of children at play
he thinks that the hopelessly poignant
thing was not lolita's absence from his
side but the absence of her voice from
the chorus
humbert died in prison of coronary
thrombosis on november 16 1950
a month later lolita died in childbirth
on christmas day
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching